Add benchmark folder README (#265)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/ADNLPModels.jl: benchmark/README.md

# Benchmarks for ADNLPModels

> The problem sets are defined in `problems_sets.jl` and mainly are used scalable problems from [OptimizationProblems.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/OptimizationProblems.jl) with approx. 1000 variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem sets are defined in problems_sets.jl and mainly use scalable problems from [OptimizationProblems.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/OptimizationProblems.jl), typically involving approximately 1000 variables.
```
